[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-zola-site.md

# Deploy a Zola site

> [Zola](https://www.getzola.org/) is a fast static site generator in a single binary with everything built-in. In this guide, you'll create a new Zola application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will be using the `zola` CLI to create a new Zola site.

Author: ```suggestion
[Zola](https://www.getzola.org/) is a fast static site generator in a single binary with everything built-in. In this guide, you'll create a new Zola application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will use the `zola` CLI to create a new Zola site.
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:
```

</TableLayout>

> Below the configuration, make sure to set the **Environment Variables(advanced)** for specifying the `ZOLA_VERSION`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the configuration, make sure to set the **Environment Variables (advanced)** for specifying the `ZOLA_VERSION`. 
```

For example, `ZOLA_VERSION`: `0.13.0`.

After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `zola`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside type="note">

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to [the Get started guide](/get-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).
```

base_url = "https://my-zola-project.pages.dev"
```

Every time you commit new code to your Zola site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Zola site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Zola site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
